Remove TXT record validation of custom DNS zones in VNet (#46709)
gravitational/teleport: rfd/0163-vnet.md

  - suffix: goteleport.com
```

#### Domain verification

Initial versions of VNet required the admin to configure a special TXT record on
the domain in the form of `teleport-cluster=<proxy-address>`. This prevented
customers from using domains not accessible over public DNS as custom DNS zones

> in VNet. We wanted to change this behavior so that VNet validates the TXT

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in VNet. We considered changing this behavior so that VNet validates the TXT
```
